[Blog] Community Awards 2025 (#7925)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/blog/2025/community-awards.md

---
title: 2025 OpenTelemetry Community Awards
linkTitle: Community Awards
date: 2025-10-06
author: OpenTelemetry Governance Committee
---

OpenTelemetry is a community-driven project, fueled by a group of awesome humans
who are actively revolutionizing the field of observability with their
contributions. Whether it's through code, documentation, project management,
outreach, adoption, or simply helping others answer technical questions on our
[CNCF Slack](https://slack.cncf.io/), we want to recognize these contributions
and the people behind them — because we're all human, and we all like that warm
fuzzy feeling of appreciation.

We are thrilled to announce the second annual **OpenTelemetry Community
Awards**! This is your chance to nominate individuals who have made a notable
impact to OpenTelemetry over the past year. _Everyone_ can nominate _anyone_ in
the community, be they a contributor, end-user, or community member.

> Submit nominations using
> [this Google Form](https://forms.gle/Y3UwmQrjVif4NQJs5).
> 
> Although we require sign-in to ensure only one form submission per person,
> nominations are completely anonymous. You can nominate up to five people per
> submission, and nominations will be open **until midnight UTC on November 6th,
> 2025**. Winners will be announced at
> [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America 2025](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Submit nominations online](https://forms.gle/Y3UwmQrjVif4NQJs5) by **midnight
UTC on November 6th, 2025**[^1]. You can nominate up to five people per
submission.

Winners will be announced at
[KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America 2025](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/).

[^1]:
    Although we require sign-in to ensure only one form submission per person,
    nominations are completely anonymous.
```

Once the blog post for KubeCon is out, we should update the link used here.

---
title: 2025 OpenTelemetry Community Awards
linkTitle: Community Awards
date: 2025-10-06
author: OpenTelemetry Governance Committee
---

OpenTelemetry is a community-driven project, fueled by a group of awesome humans
who are actively revolutionizing the field of observability with their
contributions. Whether it's through code, documentation, project management,
outreach, adoption, or simply helping others answer technical questions on our
[CNCF Slack](https://slack.cncf.io/), we want to recognize these contributions
and the people behind them — because we're all human, and we all like that warm
fuzzy feeling of appreciation.

We are thrilled to announce the second annual **OpenTelemetry Community
Awards**! This is your chance to nominate individuals who have made a notable
impact to OpenTelemetry over the past year. _Everyone_ can nominate _anyone_ in
the community, be they a contributor, end-user, or community member.

[Submit nominations online](https://forms.gle/Y3UwmQrjVif4NQJs5) by **midnight
UTC on November 6th, 2025**[^1]. You can nominate up to five people per
submission.

Winners will be announced at

> [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America 2025](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America 2025](/blog/2025/kubecon-na/).
```
